.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH RACKARRACK SECTION "abril  24, 2008"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
rackarrack \- for guitar players and musicians ...
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rakarrack
.RI [ options ] " files" ...
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Rakarrack is a richly featured multi-effects processor emulating a 
guitar effects pedalboard.  Effects include compressor, noise gate, 
expander, shuffle, ring, synthfilter, varyband, mutromojo, looper, arpie,
graphic equalizer, parametric equalizer, flanger, dual flange, chorus, echo 
with reverse playback, musical delay, reverb, digital phaser, analogic 
phaser, wah-wah, alien-wah, harmonizer, shifter, sequence, sustainer, 
shelfboost, vocoder, coil crafter, echoverse, convolotron, stompbox, 
exciter and four flexible distortion modules including sub-octave modulation 
and dirty octave up.  Most of the effects engine is built from modules 
found in the excellent software synthesizer ZynAddSubFX.  Presets and 
user interface are optimized for guitar, but Rakarrack processes signals 
in stereo while it does not apply internal band-limiting filtering, 
and thus is well suited to all musical instruments and vocals.  
Rakarrack is designed for Linux distributions with Jack Audio Connection Kit.
.TP

.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.


.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-n, \-\-no-gui
disable GUI
.TP
.B \-b, \-\-Bank [File] 
Load a Bank File
.TP
.B \-l, \-\-Load [File] 
Load a Preset File

.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by holborn <holborn@telefonica.net>,

